when people learned that I'm an eight
year survivor of pancreatic cancer to
begin with the rather surprised and then
I tell him that I'm not the only one
you're everything today is Thanksgiving
whoever would have thought that I would
still be here not just one year after it
happened or two years but eight years
after the funny thing was I had a bad
dream just thinking about the worst
thing that you could get and what would
happen and that was pancreatic cancer
and I said boy if I ever got that I'd be
dead so when I went to the hospital and
they said I had a tumor in my pancreas
and i figured i was done that makes the
best gravy kranz one of the best cooks
thank God I'm a survivor of pancreatic
cancer which was detected in 2002 and to
a large degree thankful to dr. Andrew
Warshaw at Mass General Hospital I did a
little research and I saw that he was
almost called like dr. ripple because of
all the Whipple operations that he had
done I had never heard of a Whipple
operation dr. wash explained to me that
what it would be that he would rear out
a lot of stuff take out part of my
pancreas and that you know in his
experience he'd done over 400 of these
operations many people had good results
I didn't really know I just put my faith
in dr. wersja he said that if I didn't
have surgery it would grow and then
after three months to six months it
would probably kill me you know I was so
happy that I survived this thing I
wanted the whole world to know about it
I never thought that people lived that
long and I thought it was an immediate
death sentence and it certainly isn't so
now eight years later I'm still here
proof that you can make it even though
you've been diagnosed with something
like pancreatic cancer every day is
thanksgiving for me it's just wonderful
being here and now that I'm here I
realize that just life itself is so
valuable having a good life and a good
family and being happy is actually the
most
thing my experience at Mass General was
very good so I'm so thankful and here's
my whole family here to be with me she
beautiful what I live for stuff like
this